Ask broski for some contacts at the University of Washington

Will not bog us down by meeting all the time. 

should be a rewarding class and will be tough

worked at intel/hp

Money and award for best senior project


Let everyone get to know each other - first few weeks are most important of the semester
3991 was the first experience together pickjing the team and getting the project set up is the next step

Humans are not natural team members, most tend to be dominant or just coast through. Best experience is in 
conjunction with others. Learning to be a good team meber and what does a good team look like. 


Do not just go for friends, go for a good team

Project Requirements
Hardware, Software, Systems design

FIGURE OUT WHAT WE WANT TO BUILD THIS SEMESTER 

    Need a Team management plan
    Figure things out on our own for the project
    Wont need to meet together as a class too often
    May need to assign meeting times for the group
    Could get the project done during the summer and not have to worry about the course in the fall
    Take some risks in the project and explain how we mitigate them
    Teams will be groups of 3+ probably 4+

    Need a fixed interaction with the instructor on the project
   
   

First half of semester will be team building   
Few lectures early on, more time to work on the proposal
Training for getting funding for the projects we want to see built 
Risk reduction means we need to have some part of the project done by the end of the spring


Assignment 1 is to carry a notebook and take note of all things I notice that could be fixed with a 
different perspective


reasonable

traditional CE project - Team of folks do the project and will complete it 
        Clinic option  - GET PAID BY INDUSTRY!! Funding secured but they decide the project
                       - Timeline is with the EE side, Fall/Spring rather than Spring/Fall
                       - need to write proposal anyway, but they will also not be a project for everyone, and
                         not finalized until the summer semester. 
                       - Like CE students because programming is not common for the EE peeps
                       - Two semesters likely

Joint projects w ME/CE - Totally an option and they must come in to present alongside us
                       - Good to learn stuff from other areas 
                       - more complex since we have to learn each others discipline
                       - convince the ME or other depeartments to allow it
                       - Two semesters likely

Thesis options.        - There is the option for this, but teams is necessary in industry and academia. 
                         Must learn the team skills and is imperative to the experience built.
                       - Need a professor to be an advisor and work in a research capacity.
                       - format is different but still acceptable for the course. 
                       - Two or sometimes 3 Semesters to complete